Add areAllVariationsSelected subject (#22)
vtex-apps/condition-layout: docs/README.md

| `productClusters` | `array` | List of product clusters on the UI. |
| `categoryTree` | `array` | List of categories on the UI. |
| `specificationProperties` | `array` | List of product specifications. |

> | `areAllVariationsSelected` | `value` | `true` if every possible visible variations were selected, otherwise `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `areAllVariationsSelected` | `value` | Whether all product variations available on the page were selected by the user (`true`) or not (`false`). | 
```
